# Data Sources

For replication, full data access information is listed as followed: 

- **Demographic and Health Survey (DHS)**: To provide the ground truth for distribution of wealth across the country, the Bangladesh Demographic and Health Survey [DHS](https://dhsprogram.com/what-we-do/survey/survey-display-461.cfm) is utilized. Sampled roughly 17300 households in 2014. DHS is a nationally representative survey that focuses on encapsulating the nation’s socioeconomic indicators and thus can be used as a poverty benchmark with which to compare the models built from open-source data. Due to copyright and site regulation, please request for the full survey and GPS data from DHS website linked above. 
- **Nighttime Light Intensity**: Data on nightlight is collected from the [NOAA National Centers for Environmental Information](https://ngdc.noaa.gov/eog/dmsp/downloadV4composites.html) (NCEI) which provides continuous mapping of nighttime earth images. Global nightlight for the calendar year of 2013 represents a close alignment with the information derived from DHS;
- **Daytime Satellite Imagery**: The daylight satellite imagery data is collected using [Google Static Maps
    API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/maps-static/intro). For a landmass area of approximately 130,170 squared km, 414,757 images in total have been collected to form the full picture of the country. The full dataset can be accessed here: [Google Satellite Imagery of Bangladesh](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V8trUwTzxxzLqWD8rClQv55YZo8b646d/view?usp=sharing).  
- **OpenStreetMaps Data (OSM)**: [Open Street Map](https://download.geofabrik.de/asia/bangladesh.html) (OSM) provides a free alternative to Google Static Image that offers geo-mapping of physical elements in the national landscape of the country of choice, ranging from natural to man-made features in the real world. The features extracted from OSM data might be able to indicate the levels of the wealth distribution across the country, as a stand-alone feature space, or in combination with the nightlight luminosity data to increase the predictive power of the models constructed from these resources.